What is up guys I want KMAX So you guys can see that in the Privets video we installed a Wii theme and
the DV builder.
So I would recommend you if you do not have the personal experience with divied and make sure to go
and check out my professional WordPress website building course building section the section of six
or seven I think and make sure to go and check it out.
And in that section you will learn how this DBP more.
So make sure that you have the understanding of the VTM and then it would be much easier for you to
understand.
OK so what I'm going to do right now I'm just going to go ahead.
I'm going to install it with commerce plug in and then I'm going to install it.
I mean they offer it to commerce OK.
This is also important to make sure the go ahead to you just go to search install and then hit WIU.
CORNISH OK and then your how you are going to install now.
And this is going to be installed right now so once this is installed I'm just going to go ahead and
I'm going to hit activate in two to activate this plug in.
OK.
And now I'm going to go ahead.
I'm going to go to the tools and then import and open this up in a new job so.
And then after that I have to just import this word press installer's.
I'm just going to go ahead.
I'm just going to hit next next next to it.
So I'm just using the normal thing.
OK.
The normal
demitted for it.
OK.
This is not my own data.
I'm just using the dummy data for it so that it sets up everything is going to uncheck this I'm just
going to check this one right here.
I'm just going ahead Concini right now.
OK.
So you guys already know about credit card pay bills so I don't have to tell you again.
I hope so.
OK then we have the flag trade we're not going to charge shipping right now here.
I'm just going to go ahead I'm going to hit continue right now.
And then we have the extras.
So I'm just going to head continue right now and then I'm going to do so.
Now let's go ahead and let's get there step.
And you can see that we're here.
I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to hit return to your dashboard so you can also imported products
from right here.
But I'm just going to use this one.
OK I'm just going to come here.
I'm just going to hit install now in the tools and make sure that you go to commerce dummy the Ducey
free.
He just searches on Google and you will find this Darkstar will commers.
You have to open this up and then you have the right click here from here.
And then you have to hit Save Link as.
OK.
So on clicking this you have to save the link on your desktop.
You can see I have already saved it.
That is why I cannot.
I think this is showing the two words right here so I don't have to just say it again and again see
the importer is right here.
I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to hit run importer and then I'm going to upload the file that
we have right now.
So it is just coming here.
I'm just going to hide True's file and I'm going to stop.
And that was let's go down till we find the dummy did this one.
OK.
I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to hit this and I'm going to hit upload the file and import.
So is this going to upload the file and then it's going to import everything.
It's going to take some time.
Like one minute.
No it is done right now OK.
I'm just going to go ahead I'm going to select this deal and I'm going to download an import file attachments.
I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to hit submit right now and this will be submitted and then
it will take some time.
Mostly like one minute so I'm just pausing you right now and when it is done I'll be back.
So guys it just gave me an error.
Ok it was a 5 4 0 4 5 0 5 error 500 error that the server error.
And then I just go back I just imported from again and you can see that this is now done OK.
Everything is done in one site go to e-commerce and then I go to store right now and then you will see
my shop will be up and running so this is how my shop as you can see how it is looking and it is looking
pretty amazing.
I know guys I mean I just I just like it.
OK.
But we're going to design this do not worry if you do like this a lay out we're going to design this
completely.
So don't worry at all.
I'm just going to go to TV right now.
OK.
And then we're going to first design our home page.
So before we do that we just have to make sure that we do very good the menu.
OK we just change the layout of this and then we're going to design it so I'm just going to go to the
menus right here and let's design the menu first.
OK this is important.
So we're going to go I'm here.
I'm going to create a new menu and that will be many one so this will be my primary or the main menu.
OK let's see what that's say so they say is the primary menu but ocean the Says main menu.
OK.
So this is right here.
I'm just going to go to I just need that home page.
OK.
But before doing that we also need the home page so I'm just going to go to pages right now.
Let's just go ahead and let's save this manual.
OK.
And then let's go ahead and let's go to pages right now and let's create a new page and that will be
the home page OK.
So we have to assign it from here so that we can edit it in future.
OK I'm just gonna click here.
I am going to just add the home title and I'm going to go down and I'm going to hit publish right now.
So this is Saiz publish and it's going to go ahead and I'm going to hit publish.
You can see this is done.
Now what I have to do I have to just go to settings I have to go to readings and I hope that you guys
can now do this just closing your eyes because we have done this so many times.
OK.
So it will be so easier for you but I'll just try my best to show you whatever I'm doing so that you
do not get confused.
OK.
I know you have to watch it every time.
But trust me guys it worked venue will just create your own web site.
You will be like so easy your hands will get dirty with it and you can do it.
OK.
So you can see that my homepage is now ready.
I'm just going to go to the menus right here.
Let's just go ahead and let's first see our of abseiled.
And also let's go to the menus.
Let's remove this.
So here you can see this is homemade pages looking.
This is in my mind you were here.
I'm just going to go ahead.
I'm going to add this so I'm going to add the.
Homerton home menu.
And I am also going to add the shop one.
OK.
So I don't have to show you anything you can add the product categories you can add anything pretty
well so it's know you can do that.
I'm going to add one more and that will be home about so that it looks much better.
I'm just going to add to menu and then I'm going to go ahead.
I'm going to add the custom like so this will be about
you can create an about page.
OK.
I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to add one more and that will be
conduct or let's just create those pages.
OK.
I'm going to show you how premier lay out where OK.
I didn't teach you that so let's just go ahead and let's create these pages.
I mean we're going to go ahead I'm going to go to all pages right now and I'm going to open this up
OK.
And I'm going to create a new page.
The first one would be the About page and just going to click here.
OK.
It is going to be about.
I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to hit publish right now.
OK.
I'm like this.
I want to create any one more time.
And then here I want to add the contact us all conduct till I totally depend what I enter the titles
so I'm going to add the contact.
OK.
And I'm going to hit publish right now.
So this is also published so both the pages are published and I'm going to go back to you.
You know I am taking so much things that it might be so confusing to you guys but did not where you
guys at.
Or is it OK I'm going to I'm going to add the home from start.
I'm going to add the about I'm going to conduct this and I'm going to add the shop.
So we have four bridges right now they'll be working on these front pages totally OK so we have home
contact about.
I'm going to bring that about here and I'm going to bring the shop here.
Well let's just bring it here bring it here.
OK.
Sorry guys I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to hit séverine you so you can see that our home
page is totally up and running.
What I'm going to do right now I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to design my this legal trade
here and then we're going to be working on this.
OK so I'm just going to click customize team custom Isar and I'm going to change the layout of this
so I just need the black and white thing the black and white thing because I just like it.
And I just want to focus on that.
So if you want to choose if you want to go with any of the theme color you can go with that.
So I'm just going to go ahead.
I'm going to go to Heather in navigation or the general setting.
So we have sight into the layout topography and background.
OK.
Now we have to go to header and navigation.
The header format is going to be the default one so you can choose pretty well anything and let's just
choose a different right now.
OK.
Let's go with this one.
No I think slight
or just go with a full screen
now I don't know I don't know I just like the default when I am in law for this.
But you can just use it because I just read it I'm just doing something.
I feel like do I like it.
No.
OK I won't do this.
So I have the primary menu bar.
I can make it full.
I can hide the logo image.
I can just do it himself.
So I want to change the background color so the background color what does is what is happening why
is this changed.
I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to hit publish right now.
OK.
So the background color colors changed.
I'm going to go ahead.
I'm going to change the active lane color and the text colors so I'm just going to go ahead I'm going
to change the text color to white and this looks totally OK and actively colors telling color is going
to be more of a white in a gray
OK.
You can see the differences are actively in color and these are not the active.
So we're totally done with this layout.
OK now we're going to do some stuff so you can also show the Tabar if you want to go ahead and let's
have the tabards so that we have the second menu bar and we have everything there.
So I'm going to go to the second menu bar
and then here and want to just go with the background colors background color is going to be full black
and the text color is going to be full light gray.
And now I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to hit publish right now.
So this is the second menu bar.
This should be up and running.
I'm going to go back.
And here we have the elements so and the phone number.
I'm just going to add one so I'm just going to add plus to doubles 3 7 3 5 2 9 7.
OK.
And just totally done.
So I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to hit publish and let's see our Web site too if I just
open up as seven not complete double B course dot com.
You can see the card is right here.
Instead of this.
OK.
So this is how it is looking.
And this is looking pretty well.
I also want to add the e-mails.
This is going to be info and see the little PC dot com.
Or let's just add the full complete course complete W.P. course dot com.
I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to hit this Polish right now so this should be published and I can
see that we are totally done with this.
We have a Carfrae here and we have home about shop and everything pretty well and it's looks great too
great.
If someone clicks here he'll be redirected to a cart.
So this is I was looking and it looks pretty well.
So now I'm going to show you that how can you just add a premier Li out into here because that is also
important.
OK.
Let's just go ahead and lectures for DV premade layouts OK.
It's going to redirect you to anywhere.
OK.
This one right here.
But I would just recommend this one Etim examples and devious layouts out Stockholm.
OK so make sure you go ahead and divvies just famous for the pre-made layout as well.
This is the top number one rated team this is because of the Premier League.
You don't have to do anything you just have to upload the layout and that's all your Web site is totally
up and running.
You just have to change it.
OK so that is why mostly people do also use the DV theme and they're just super awesome guys.
Just let me show you.
You can see this is a Premier League out.
This is the premier league out this is it.
And we have the female section here in the layout so you can just go there.
And then you can check which thing they choose to do.
So I just thing that I like this one free artist layout.
This is the artist's layout so I can I just added the big Clearly this is one this one free freelancer
OK consultant e-commerce shop Fyffe page.
This is the one
so you can go with this one e-commerce.
I'm just going to go here and I'm going to just go with the e commerce one commerce page one.
So this is basically for $19 this is free.
I think we should go with a normal one.
OK let me go down and
let's just go with this one.
I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to hit this right now and then I'm going to go hit and I'm going
to hit a few layout.
So it is just going to view the layout that we have right now.
So this is the layout
there is the layout whole you can see how amazing this looks.
OK.
The shop.
We have one stop shop and everything.
So this is the landing page.
The divvies shop shop now free shipping Freidrich returns and I can see how simple it is and how creative
is
so what I'm going to do right now
OK I have to log myself in first.
And when some logged in I just have to come here and I have to refresh this.
Click here to download the layout back to consultant old bank freelance for artist make really go back.
And this is the online store Lillback.
So this is the one.
OK.
What you have to do you just have to log in.
And then you have to go to a crate right now.
I think.
OK.
So in the upgrade section you can just download these layout back.
So for this you have to make sure that you have bought the free full version I think I'm just going
to go ahead and I'm going ahead and I'm just going to download the store layout.
So this is being downloaded.
I'm just going to go here and I'm going to start download.
And you can see this is being downloaded.
So
once this is downloaded I'm just going to go here and I'm going to upload this so it just took some
time.
I'm sorry for that because I just didn't know which theme I should go for I just in practice I just
don't practice at all.
I just feel like oh this looks school.
Go ahead.
This doesn't look cool.
I just did not create a Web site first and then teach you I just created it first and then did you just
to not practice at all.
So I hope I know what it takes some time.
And it might be like not good for you and you'd be like oh my god he's taking so much time.
I don't know what I'm talking.
OK so this is downloaded right now.
OK.
I'm going to go hit it I'm going to hit open folder right here.
I'm just going to go hit and I'm going to hit extract files extract to Stoly out back.
So store layout back should be here.
This is the one.
OK.
We have this right here and this is all about store about store all store landing Jason.
So what I'm going to do.
You can just upload this one store all the adjacent file are then or you can just go ahead and upload
these ones just one by one.
But I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to store all JS on file.
So I'm just going to go to the tray here and I'm going to go to.
OK.
And then I have to go to this dashboard.
And now here I have to go to the DVD library.
So in the library I have to basically import data.
I'm just going to go hit I'm going to hit import and export and the elderly out only export selected
items.
No no I want to import to I'm just going to go with I'm going to select the file I'm going to go to
downloads and then the Compress.
And then the store layout back.
So then you have this and then store all.
So it's just going to contain all the files.
This this this this this this this and everything.
So I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to open it and you can see this is right here.
I'm going to go hit it I'm going to hit import divi build out.
So it's just going to take some time.
Important time estimated time remaining is one minute.
So once it is done you'll see it there.
So we have to take all we have to wait for some time till this is uploaded and when it is uploaded and
show you I'm going to show you how you can do that.
So I'm just watching the video right now and once it is done I'll be back.
OK so you can see this has been uploaded.
OK.
And this is right here.
You can see it it has uploaded everything Mendon child and it's lending and data storage contact categories
and they store about.
OK so I'm just going to show you how it's going to look right now.
OK.
So you're going to go ahead you are going to visit the site right now.
And then you have to just import the visual imported from the visual Bilour.
OK.
Or just come here or just just hit edit page.
And then here you will see I use the DV builder.
You have to click here and here is one.
This one.
So I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to hit this load from library.
OK.
So it is predefined layout so these are the predefined layouts here.
You can just add them as well.
But I'm going to add it from the library.
OK.
So this is the one These are of the thing that we have importer's.
I'm just going to go ahead I'm going to describe the landing one from here.
So you can see unclogging this low.
This is already here.
OK.
Everything is here.
Now I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to hit M-Day trade now.
I'm going to view it.
So let's see how our page looks.
This is the magic you are going to love it.
You can see that we didn't that didn't do anything.
We just downloaded it and uploaded it.
This is her Web site is looking this so easy guys.
This is so easy.
OK.
This is our site is looking and you can see how creative and amusing it looks.
And we have you all products like this I have the all right tools.
We have the annual Black Friday sale OK.
This is a slider.
OK.
And everything is pretty well coming here.
The feature product is right here and the more info.
And then we have these products here get news about sales in this so I'm just going to show you about
the e-mail marketing later on.
So do not worry guys.
Hey you can see everything is up and running.
Totally it is coming so great.
So if you want to learn anything about this.
OK what you can do you can just go ahead and you can hit visual builder OK and you will see the visual
Builders Show you can understand how this layout is created.
OK.
I hope you understand what I'm trying to say is that if you want to learn how to build this then you
can learn it ok you just have to click any of the layouts till this is done.
It's going to take some time.
So you just have to click any of the blorb.
OK so let's suppose that this is the one and I just feel like what is this and how they have created
this.
I'm just going to go in I'm going to settings of this and I can see that this is the real right here.
OK this is a.
What is this.
This is a text.
Ok so this is a text.
What is this phrase here.
This is applied to the full roll.
I'm just going to click this right now and this is the dividers so divider background.
So we don't have any Bactrim right here.
OK.
If it is still not if it is still confusing to you you can just click there and unclogging this you
can see that we have just a divider right here.
We have a hero tag here.
So the hero you can see we have the back room right here.
This is a whole row basically.
OK and we just have the background here and in the background they have just given the speed the background
image blend is normal and the column on column one is this column one Bactrian is this and column two
back krones.
So you can see that they have designed this like this.
So if I just click here you can see this is the BND mange.
OK.
This is a P and G major.
This hole is transparent.
OK.
And the rest of this is discolors.
So how this will work is that once we just open it up you can see that we have two columns right here.
OK you can see that we have two columns.
If I just come here and I just click here and I just like the view OK and then I click here.
So you can see this is how you can just understand it so easily.
OK let's just come here let's just close it and you can see that we have to call them right here.
This is the column one back Honyman that is coming and this is the column to background image.
This hole is transparent.
And this hole is basically the colored one.
So I hope you understand what I'm saying.
OK.
And then we go down we have four rows right here.
And in the rows we have this right here.
So this is the blurb.
OK this is the blurb we have freedom durndest tidal we have fittedness for 30 days is description.
And then we have the image in icon and the icon is this and the icon color is said to Brown so that
it matches this color and you guys can now understand that how they have focused on the color scheme.
And this is why that is why the Web site is looking so sexy and amazing.
OK.
So you can see that this is how we basically go ahead and create a DV layouts.
DV is just famous for the premier lay out ok.
Seriously guys most of the people just go ahead they just upload the DV a premade lay out and then they
go ahead and then the edited so you can see so many of them say they just do it like this and you can
see how perfect it is looking guys.
So we're just going to work.
OK I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to focus on this as well.
Mean just going to go ahead and I'm going to change the color of this and I'm just going to try to make
sure that I change it to brown so that it focus this background color.
OK.
And just getting away I'm going to hit individual builder and here you can see this is how my home page
is looking.
Everything looks pretty create and amazing and this is called the animation you guys already know about
the animations so you can vary this as well.
I'm just going to come here.
I'm going to go ahead.
I'm going to hit the DV theme customize her.
OK.
So now here I want to design this right here.
I want to make it full brown.
I want to make it light brown and then we're going to move forward.
So first let's just go ahead and let's grab that color picture of that.
Hedren navigation primary menu bar and this is right here.
OK.
The background color so we have the background color right here.
I am going to make it to brown
it is the brown and
ok.
I just want to go ahead and I want to crop the color picker for this so color Zilla.
OK.
I want to grab this color.
So this is right here.
This is copied to make dash clipboard.
But I don't know where to put this filter.
I think I have to update my DVT.
So what I have to do I have to just come here.
I have to just go to the right here and I have to go to the team option so any here I have to just update
my team so that I can move forward to make sure that you keep your DVT updated so that everything works
pretty well.
So here I have to enter my username
and then here would be the APHC have to go to the elegant diems OK and then you have to go to your API
key.
OK.
I'm just pausing video and I'm going to paste my APHC from there.
So I've copied my APHC and then I have to paste it right now.
OK.
And then I have to have the saved changes so once the changes are saved you can see an update will be
automatically available in here because I know that I have applauded the previous version of DVH and
that is so Privets version OK here this is the new version available.
Are to have date I'm just going to go to a trade now and then here I have to update it.
So let's wait till this is on.
Make sure you upload that you add that API key and then you can update it only.
OK so I'm just going to go ahead I'm going to select all I'm going to hit update themes.
OK.
So now here you can see this should be updated.
And once it is updated.
I can just work with that and you can see that the Customize your will be changed.
And I would have the access to enter the code for that.
So I just basically need that code.
So in order to work with this.
So this is just evading the team disabling the maintenance mode and this is done and is going to go
ahead I'm going to return to WordPress updates and I'm also going to update the Wordpress builder what
is which is this I'm going to go hit I'm going to update plugins and so you can see this is also just
debating the maintenance mode is also enabled.
So what does it contain.
If I just go ahead and once this is maintenance mode is right here and I just open up my website OK.
Then you will see that it'll show that WordPress is currently under maintainance.
OK.
This is hard to learn but this is now this has now disable transport.
Obviously even plug in as is being updated.
And someone just go ahead and visit your shop or say then it could be a mess for him.
OK.
So I think that this is also looking great.
Cool but I want to go here.
I want to change this.
I want to go to the team customize your here again and you will see that team customized would be changed
and it must be changed.
Hope so I've just updated my team.
Yes I know it would be great.
I'm going to go to the and navigation and the primary manual bar.
So here you can see this is change totally
ok.
I'm just come here and let's me get the fade.
I don't know why this is not coming.
This used to be like so great when we have to enter the Goerge for the.
And it works like a charm but it is not working that way.
So
header and navigation the primary menu bar.
And this is coming like this has happened to this DVD.
Or this.
This will be here.
Just be prepared for it.
There will be some problem and only some there will be so many problems that will cause you so much
thing and you'll be like no I don't want to build any website.
So don't just.
OK.
Don't just be like that.
Just always try to make sure that you do face to face everything and to work with it so you can see
I've changed this till now.
And this looks pretty cool right here still here.
I'm also going to go ahead and I'm here and I'm going to change the menu bar as well so I'm going to
go to secondary menu bar right now.
Which is this.
And I'm going to go to the background color so the background color is going to be
this way.
And see how this is looking so we have changed this and this and this looks totally OK.
And it is matching everything seemed like this you can also move on with the footer and do it like that.
But I would recommend you to go with this and do it right now.
So you're going to go to the footer and footer layout of the layout Yes the layout the background color
is going to be
so you can see this is matching totally OK with this.
Now we're totally done with this.
I'm just going to go back.
When I go to the bottom bar and here I'm going to add something so I mean add Hello world OK.
This is my copyright credit.
I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to publish right now.
And this is how my website is looking so I'm just totally customized that.
OK you can see how great and amazing it is looking.
OK.
I'm just very disappointed with that thing that I cannot add that thing that cord here.
But no problem.
OK.
You can see everything is totally up and running.
We have designed our home page.
I know I just did not design it myself right now just because I wanted to show you how the premier layout
works OK.
So I'm just going to add it to about page and the contact us page and then we're going to design the
shop page.
OK so stay tuned for that.
And in the next video we'll be working up about page and contact us page.
We'll just use the same technology that we used.
OK.
And that was the pre-made layouts which is going to install the premium out and about and contact us
and then we're going to move forward.
So stadium dies and in the next video we'll be working up at that by.